Add overview of vivarium inputs to data pulling page (#1448)
ihmeuw/vivarium_research: docs/source/model_design/vivarium_overview/data_sources/index.rst

Additionally, you may be required to specify a :code:`version_id`, :code:`release_id`, and/or :code:`status` when pulling GBD results from certain GBD rounds. The HUB space for a given GBD round is a good resource on where to obtain this information, but do not hesitate to open a helpdesk ticket to inquire or confirm whether you are using appropriate versioning IDs for you GBD shared functions call.

.. todo::

   Discuss release_id as preferred alternative to gbd_round_id + decomp_step.

Pulling GBD Data using *Vivarium Inputs*
----------------------------------------

There are two main code bases within the Vivarium software framework that are especially useful for interacting with GBD data, including `gbd_mapping <https://vivarium.readthedocs.io/projects/gbd-mapping/en/latest/index.html>`_ and `vivarium_inputs.interface <https://vivarium.readthedocs.io/projects/vivarium-inputs/en/latest/index.html>`_.

> Both of these code bases translate ID numbers used in GBD to human-readable text by default.

Author: I'll remove "by default" - I initially included a modifier here because there are some methods you can use that do not reformat so that you can view the underlying IDs, but that's not it's typical behavior.

Overview of :code:`gbd_mapping`
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

> :code:`gbd_mapping` provides a convienient way to access all of the metadata associated with a given GBD entity (ex: diarrheal diseases cause or child growth failure risk factor), but does not return any estimates assoicated with that entity (ex: prevalence or relative risks).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:code:`gbd_mapping` provides a convenient way to access all of the metadata associated with a given GBD entity (ex: diarrheal diseases cause or child growth failure risk factor), but does not return any estimates associated with that entity (ex: prevalence or relative risks).
```

> Overview of :code:`vivarium_inputs.interface`

Author: Sounds good, I will update.

`For documentation on Vivarium Inputs, click here <https://vivarium.readthedocs.io/projects/vivarium-inputs/en/latest/index.html>`_.

Some important notes and considerations not included in the documentation above are listed below:

.. todo::
   
   List default behavior of get_measures/other functions once the GBD 2021 update is finalized, including things like:

   - Returning most recent available year - note potential exception with risk effects?
   - Filtering of draws (reduction of 1,000 COD draws down to 500 that are present in COMO)?
   - Returning all ages/sexes and filling NANs with zeros
   - Version ID behavior with GBD 2021? 
   - Anything else?

.. list-table:: Notable default behavior of get_measures
   :header-rows: 1

   *  - Measure
      - Data returned
      - Note
   *  - :code:`'incidence'`
      - GBD_incidence / (1 - GBD_prevalence)

>       - By default, get_measures automatically converts GBD's "population-level incidence rates" to "susceptible population incidence rates" using the GBD estimate of prevalence. Note that if a model is using an alternative vlaue for prevalence, this rescaling should be done separately using that prevalence value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - By default, get_measures automatically converts GBD's "population-level incidence rates" to "susceptible population incidence rates" using the GBD estimate of prevalence. Note that if a model is using an alternative value for prevalence, this rescaling should be done separately using that prevalence value.
```

I'm not sure that the rescaling should _always_ be done with the model's prevalence. I think it depends on what data informed GBD. If GBD was informed by incidence studies that measured incidence among the susceptible population, we'd want to rescale with GBD's prevalence always, I think.

(I realize with the way DisMod works this probably isn't binary.)

   *  - :code:`'raw_incidence_rate'`
      - GBD_incidence
      - 
   *  - :code:`'cause_specific_mortality'`
      - GBD_death_count / GBD_population_counts
      - 
   *  - :code:`'excess_mortality'`
      - cause_specific_mortality / GBD_prevalence
      - By default, get_measures calculates excess mortality rates in accordance with the GBD estimate of prevalence. If a model is using an alternative value for cause prevalence, excess mortality rates should likely be calculated separately using that prevalence value.

Applied examples
-----------------

.. todo::

   Link notebook that shows examples of using these functions.

Considerations of each approach
----------------------------------

> Generally, GBD shared functions offers greater flexibility in querying GBD data than Vivarium Inputs, but requires specification of detailed IDs that are not human-readable and requires translation with get_ids. Vivarium Inputs offers less flexibility in favor of the convenience of returning a human-readable version of the most relevant data for running Vivarium simulations and compatibility with required Vivarium Artifact formatting. Therefore, GBD shared functions may be the code base of choice to use when taking deep dives into GBD data, and Vivarium Inputs when preparing GBD data for Vivarium simulations. Some specific comparisons are summarized in the table below for additional specific considerations of the differences betweent the two code bases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Generally, GBD shared functions offer greater flexibility in querying GBD data than Vivarium Inputs, but require specification of detailed IDs that are not human-readable and require translation with get_ids. Vivarium Inputs offers less flexibility in favor of the convenience of returning a human-readable version of the most relevant data for running Vivarium simulations and compatibility with required Vivarium Artifact formatting. Therefore, GBD shared functions may be the code base to use when taking deep dives into GBD data, and Vivarium Inputs when preparing GBD data for Vivarium simulations. Some additional specific considerations about the differences between the two options are summarized in the table below.
```

   *  - GBD round
      - Able to specify any GBD round/release; useful for noting and comparing major changes between rounds
      - Returns most recent complete GBD round/release only
   *  - DALYs
      - Returns YLD, YLL, DALY estimates
      - Does not return YLD, YLL, or DALY estimates
   *  - Metrics
      - Returns counts, rates, and prevalence estimates
      - Returns rate estimates with the exception of population structure, which are in counts; convenient
   *  - Summary values
      - Can return mean, upper, and lower estimates using get_outputs
      - Returns draw-level estimates only
   *  - Age/sex/location specificity
      - Allows for specification across all these parameters, allows for grouping (via get_outputs) and/or aggregation (via make_custom_aggregates) across demographic categories
      - Returns *all* most-detailed age and sex estimates. Supports only one location at a time.
   *  - Format
      - Generally uses ID numbers that are not human-readable before pairing with get_ids information
      - Converts to human readable entity names rather than IDs and is compatible with formatting required for vivarium Artifacts and simulations

.. note::

>    To convert between GBD shared function entity names (such as cause_name) to the entity name in Vivarium inputs, convert the GBD shared function entity name to all lower case and replace spaces with underscores. Python code do this is shown below:

Reviewer 2: How confident are we that this is always true?

Reviewer 3: I think this is currently always true. We could expose a function to be used in the GBD Mapping generator when creating the entities in the first place that could be referenced here if we are concerned about this.

Author: Is this the appropriate line as you see it? https://github.com/ihmeuw/gbd_mapping/blob/1511a4181d45ece5c146b6c5934e5d8b35774409/src/gbd_mapping_generator/util.py#L167

Reviewer 3: Yes I believe so.

>    To convert between GBD shared function entity names (such as cause_name) to the entity name in Vivarium inputs, convert the GBD shared function entity name to all lower case and replace spaces with underscores. Python code do this is shown below:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   To convert between GBD shared function entity names (such as cause_name) to the entity name in Vivarium inputs, convert the GBD shared function entity name to all lower case and replace spaces with underscores. Python code to do this is shown below:
```
